#THIS IS A REGULAR OLD TEXTFILE THTA IS NOT READ BY THE PROGRAM, THAT WILL BE A SEPARATE TEXT FILE
#THIS TEXTFILE IS BRAINSTORMING WHAT EACH SERIES STRENGTHS AND WEAKNESSES ARE AND WHAT EACH INCRIMENT WITHIN EACH SERIES DOES REGARDING IT'S SPECIALTY
#For right now, each consecutive series from lowest letter to greatest will be from highest strength to lowest, yes it's bland, but players can edit the code to impliment their play style
#This does not currently display the movement of the series throught the game and their patterns
#The shit storyline that is temporary, but baseline is that in the inception of this society who lives in these moving sectors, which 
I will explain the reason for them being able to move later in development, started off from a very deadly war. This war was different 
though, it was in a time when a world war was just another can in a recycling plant and so while this is going on, people are being 
indoctrinated in mass experiments in some sorry excuse for a country. One of the leaders of the most powerful country at this time 
begins developing schitzophrenia and gets so paranoid and delusional to the point of initiating the launch of delapitating devices 
that destory earth to the point of moving its relative position in space due the the amount of shaking plus bits of earth fly apart and 
there are major holes and canyons that remain due to the sheer size of the chunks that left the surface. What do you know, these 
devices go everywhere but the sorry excuse for a country and the people that are in charge start to realize that their inhouse 
resources are shit, realize the world is shit, what they have done to their subjects are shit and a movement emerges to decide a mass 
suicide to purge themselves from existence, but no they don't want to release their subjects because they estimate they would get 
killed by them. Very few want to live but they can't maintane the facility and in the heat of the suicide, no the people who suicided 
didn't think to release their subjects because shits n' giggles, just keep them monitored via shitty tier artificial intelligence. 
Well eventually the people that were left maintenancing the facility died because of a massive plague that followed soon after the 
earth shattering as well as the lack of oxygen in the now destroyed atmosphere due to chunks literally ripping it apart,
(earth shattering) literally and on all levels except it's counterparts, the little shitty country goes unmaintained and the shitty ai 
that was supposed to control it shut off due to cheap batteries only after 5 years and no, there was no routine put in place that 
involves vackup power in case of this, remember this country is small and shitty. So the last living humans are inside this country and
they are all indoctrinated, have no knowledge of humanity and it's acomplishments, and are mentally unstable. Eventually after decades
of civil wars inside their little encapsulation, the seals started to tear. They somehow manage to retain oxygen outside and read the 
information given by the experimenters in the language of the indiginous people of the shitty country. So at least they know where a 
library is and some are smart enough to articulate thoughts that involve input from books. Eventually these people manage to discover 
the ruins of a once great species and begins it's stages through fighting, discovery, fighting, more discovery, lost of discovery, 
singularities, and then more fighting all the way into space travel. Now you may be wondering how the gene pool is not bland as fuck at
this point. The reason is becuase back at that facility, now a center for rememberance and hate, this place was huge in terms of 
virticality. It went underground very, very far and a good 100 stories up into the air. The above ground part were offices though. 
This building belonged to the corporation who bought the country. They spent all the money on building the building rather than actuall 
facilities for the reason to build due to inner management being fuckwads. Anyways, it's huge at least a billion people could fit in 
storage (it was common in that day in age to have storage bigger), more than enough to retain gentic diversity. This future is weird 
with money shut up. Well the people get into space travel and are like shit we got to go to the fighting part of the cycle of our 
history so they fight and that's how these sectors come in. Eventually they manage to get to the abandoned colinized planets due to 
budget issues during the war before the people got out. So they get on these planets and start fighting, then building civilization, 
then dividing, then getting into space ships that house people and go into their own little corner. These guys are massive ships that 
house a lot of people, they also conjoin with several of the now active planet bases. But of course there must be war and what's better 
than war? Nuclear war, these guys use nuclear weapons in this because their dicks get wet to civilizations getting drenched in 
radiation. So here comes where the game takes focus. So the game takes a random variation of this future to the extent of the amount 
of ships that lay in the field. The ships have different series A-Z (letters of their first names respectively) all iterating from 
1 - 100. Nobody wants war, but one ship ruins it for everybody. You are that ship that has that potential, unless of course there is 
an event you cause that causes someone to want war because of trade issues or some shit. There is a small chance for someone to be 
mentally unstable and to initiate war without being invoked by someone. People can invoke war on their own because of issue with trade 
but they are generally pretty smart. Eventually since someone causes war this causes chaos and chaos never seems to go away in this 
society and so someone may manage to get everyone to stop having war, but someone is going to be a fucking dick and want war anyways 
because of some stupid reason and/or feeling. So war and conflict will provail, and who will be the one to finish it? You could be 
friends with everybody but killing everyone else is best for domination even though the rest of the system wan'ts to kill you, now 
that's for a sequel. Play as sector E22 or some shit. But wait, back on the story, since the people in this society have been reading the sum of the remnants of mankind, they have an extereme pallet of culture and words that came into their vocabulary. So shit from spanish will be incorporated with some sort of Russian Greeks //fix and shit add or something whatever don't do nothing.   
//note: in game go indepth with banners and individual propaganda                     
A - The 1st strongest series, but fleet has retarded formation   
B - The 2nd strongest series, but 
C - The 3rd strongest series, but
D - The 4th strongest series, but
E - The 5th strongest series, but
F - The 6th strongest series, but
G - The 7th strongest series, but
H - The 8th strongest series, but
I - The 9th strongest series, but
J - The 10th strongest series, but
K - The 11th strongest series, but
L - The 12th strongest series, but
M - The 13th strongest series, but
N - The 14th strongest series, but
O - The 15th strongest series, but
P - The 16th strongest series, but
Q - The 17th strongest series, but
R - The 18th strongest series, but
S - The 19th strongest series, but
T - The 20th strongest series, but
U - The 21st strongest series, but
V - The 22nd strongest series, but
W - The 23rd strongest series, but
X - The 24th strongest series, but
Y - The 25th strongest series, but
Z(anos) - The 26th strongest series, although the weakest one here
